For each of these files, it is indicated which parameters of cte are used in
its generation.

champ
  Contains the list of champion trees, in increasing order.
  Each tree is described in a record, consisting of text lines:
  line 1: # num [ list 
       where num is the number of the tree (decimal, starts at 1)
       list is the set of labels of the leaves, in reverse lexicographic
       order, separated by space
  line 2: a parenthesized list of values, to be documented)
  next lines: the same list as in line 1, one word per line, right aligned
  last line: a single ]
  Rationale: line 1 contains the whole tree, so a program processing the cham
  trees needs only to look at lines tarting with a #.
  The redundant printing of the list is for visual, human checking.
  Depends: file, depth

qtree
  Same list as the corresponding champ file, as a qtree (this is a LaTeX
  package, its documentation describes the format).  Each tree is a single
  line \Tree command for qtree, followed by a line with \newpage.  
  Depends: file, depth

prob
  Transition probabilities computed from the given sample.
  Each line has the form:
    w - a:x b:y ...
  where 
    w is a word of legth <= depth, found in the sample
    the separator - is vertically aligned
    each pair like a:x means:
       a is one alphabet symbol
       x = p(wa|w)
  Note: if a symbol is missing, it means that the corresponding transition was
  not found in the sample.
  Depends: file, depth

bst
  Bootstrapping results.
  Lines starting with # are comments, informing the several parameters
  involved in the resampling.  In particular,
  # resamples: r
  # sizes: s : s0 s1 ...
  where r is the actual number of resamples, s is the number of sizes, which
  are s0, s1,...
  So, cte generated r resamples, and they where cut to sizes s0,s1,...

  For each tree there is a record consisting of lines:
  line 1: {num}
    Where num is the same as in the champ file
  sequence of lines, one for each size, of form:
    [size number] L1 L2...  (r values)
    where each Lj is the log-loss for corresponding resample, cut to the size
    indexed by the line
  Records are separated by a blank line.
  Depends: file, depth, number of resamples, number of sizes, seed, renewal string

 
reg - production temporarily suspended
  Lines starting with # are comments.
  One line for each champ three of the form
   num coef
  where num is the number of the tree,
  coef is the leasts squares linear regression coefficient for the
  same tree's third column in the corresponding bst file.

